Wang Long, don't show off your ability
During the game
The 380kg you took is already the limit.
That's 400 kilos.
Yes, yes, Wanglong, don't be impulsive.
Hurry up and change to a smaller decade
Don't be brave.
It's already set.
It can't be changed anymore
You Zhangjiacun people
One bite is enough without the manor
Is this how you inherit
Is there no manor?
Hahaha
Unless you admit to yourself now that you are trash
I can consider giving you another ten years.
Save you from being flown like Zhao Daming
My own choice
I'm sure I won't give up easily
Do you think everyone in Zhaojiacun is like you?
Want to ask me not to hahaha
No means no
I despise rural mud legs like you the most
Fart fans do not have
You will be swollen and fat here
Here comes the stunt
Here comes my son's stunt
Isn't 380kg the limit for my son?
He has to break through 400 kilograms